README.md, before:

# terraform-module-aws-batch-job

Terraform module to create and schedule an AWS Batch Job.

This module doesn't create the Batch compute environment, you can call our batch module in order to create it (please take a look at [examples/default/](examples/default/)).

This module need at least 4 variables :

* name: a name for your Batch Job
* job\_queue\_arn: output from Batch module
* schedule\_expression or event\_pattern: optional but your job will never be launched if both are undefined
* properties: your job definition

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| terraform | >= 0.13 |
| aws | >= 3.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| aws | >= 3.0 |

## Modules

No Modules.

## Resources

| Name |
|------|
| [aws_batch_job_definition](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/resources/batch_job_definition) |
| [aws_cloudwatch_event_rule](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/resources/cloudwatch_event_rule) |
| [aws_cloudwatch_event_target](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/resources/cloudwatch_event_target) |
| [aws_iam_policy_document](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) |
| [aws_iam_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/resources/iam_policy) |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) |
| [aws_iam_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/resources/iam_role) |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| event\_pattern | The event pattern described a JSON object. At least one of schedule\_expression or event\_pattern is required. See full documentation of Events and Event Patterns in EventBridge for details. | `string` | `null` | no |
| event\_role\_arn | When event\_role\_create == false, external Service Role ARN | `string` | `null` | no |
| event\_role\_create | Whether or not to create IAM resources for EventBridge. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| event\_role\_description | Description of the IAM policy. | `string` | `"Service Role for EventBridge / Batch Job"` | no |
| event\_role\_name | Name of the policy (\_var.name will be appended). | `string` | `"AWS_Events_Invoke_Batch_Job_Queue"` | no |
| event\_role\_path | Path in which to create the policy. | `string` | `"/service-role/"` | no |
| event\_rule\_target\_id | The unique target assignment ID. Will be prefixed with var.prefix and sufixed by -onsched/onevent. | `string` | `"batchjob"` | no |
| event\_rules\_bus\_name | The event bus to associate with this rule. If you omit this, the default event bus is used. | `string` | `null` | no |
| event\_rules\_create | Whether or not to create a EventBridge rule | `bool` | `true` | no |
| event\_rules\_description | The description of the rule. | `string` | `"Run batch job based on event or schedule"` | no |
| event\_rules\_is\_enabled | Whether or not to enable EventBridge Rule | `bool` | `true` | no |
| event\_rules\_name | Rule name (will be prefixed with var.prefix and sufixed with -onsched/onevent). If null, the rule will use var.name | `string` | `"batchjob"` | no |
| event\_rules\_role | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) associated with the role that is used for target invocation. | `string` | `null` | no |
| event\_tags | Map of tags that will be applied on EventBridge and IAM resources. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| job\_arn | When job\_create == false, external job definition ARN | `string` | `null` | no |
| job\_create | Whether or not to create a job definition | `bool` | `true` | no |
| job\_queue\_arn | External Batch Job Queue ARN | `string` | n/a | yes |
| job\_tags | Map of tags that will be applied on job definition. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| name | Name of your job, will be use by Job definition and EventBridge resources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| parameters | (Optional) Specifies the parameter substitution placeholders to set in the job definition. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| prefix | Prefix to be added to with all resource's names of the module. Prefix is mainly used for tests and should remain empty in normal circumstances. | `string` | `""` | no |
| properties | A valid container properties provided as a single valid JSON document. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| retries | The number of times to move a job to the RUNNABLE status. You may specify between 1 and 10 attempts. | `number` | `1` | no |
| schedule\_expression | The scheduling expression. For example, cron(0 20 * * ? *) or rate(5 minutes). At least one of schedule\_expression or event\_pattern is required. Can only be used on the default event bus. | `string` | `null` | no |
| tags | Map of tags that will be applied on all resources. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| timeout | (Optional) The time duration in seconds after which AWS Batch terminates your jobs if they have not finished. The minimum value for the timeout is 60 seconds. | `number` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| arn | The Amazon Resource Name of the job definition. |
| revision | The revision of the job definition. |
| rule\_event\_arn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the rule. |
| rule\_event\_id | The name of the rule. |
| rule\_schedule\_arn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the rule. |
| rule\_schedule\_id | The name of the rule. |
| service\_policy\_arn | The ARN assigned by AWS to this policy. |
| service\_policy\_description | The description of the policy. |
| service\_policy\_id | The policy's ID. |
| service\_policy\_name | The name of the policy. |
| service\_policy\_path | The path of the policy in IAM. |
| service\_policy\_policy | The policy document. |
| service\_role\_arn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) specifying the role. |
| service\_role\_create\_date | The creation date of the IAM role. |
| service\_role\_description | The description of the role. |
| service\_role\_id | The name of the role. |
| service\_role\_name | The name of the role. |
| service\_role\_unique\_id | The stable and unique string identifying the role. |
| target\_event\_arn | CloudWatch Event Target Arn. |
| target\_schedule\_arn | CloudWatch Event Target Arn. |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## Versioning

This repository follows [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0](https://semver.org/)

## Git Hooks

This repository uses [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) hooks.

Commit message:

feat: better description with var.name

README.md, after:

# terraform-module-aws-batch-job

Terraform module to create and schedule an AWS Batch Job.

This module doesn't create the Batch compute environment, you can call our batch module in order to create it (please take a look at [examples/default/](examples/default/)).

This module need at least 4 variables :

* name: a name for your Batch Job
* job\_queue\_arn: output from Batch module
* schedule\_expression or event\_pattern: optional but your job will never be launched if both are undefined
* properties: your job definition

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| terraform | >= 0.13 |
| aws | >= 3.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| aws | >= 3.0 |

## Modules

No Modules.

## Resources

| Name |
|------|
| [aws_batch_job_definition](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/resources/batch_job_definition) |
| [aws_cloudwatch_event_rule](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/resources/cloudwatch_event_rule) |
| [aws_cloudwatch_event_target](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/resources/cloudwatch_event_target) |
| [aws_iam_policy_document](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) |
| [aws_iam_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/resources/iam_policy) |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) |
| [aws_iam_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/3.0/docs/resources/iam_role) |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| event\_pattern | The event pattern described a JSON object. At least one of schedule\_expression or event\_pattern is required. See full documentation of Events and Event Patterns in EventBridge for details. | `string` | `null` | no |
| event\_role\_arn | When event\_role\_create == false, external Service Role ARN | `string` | `null` | no |
| event\_role\_create | Whether or not to create IAM resources for EventBridge. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| event\_role\_description | Description of the IAM policy (var.name will be appended). | `string` | `"Service Role for EventBridge / Batch Job"` | no |
| event\_role\_name | Name of the policy (\_var.name will be appended). | `string` | `"AWS_Events_Invoke_Batch_Job_Queue"` | no |
| event\_role\_path | Path in which to create the policy. | `string` | `"/service-role/"` | no |
| event\_rule\_target\_id | The unique target assignment ID. Will be prefixed with var.prefix and sufixed by -onsched/onevent. | `string` | `"batchjob"` | no |
| event\_rules\_bus\_name | The event bus to associate with this rule. If you omit this, the default event bus is used. | `string` | `null` | no |
| event\_rules\_create | Whether or not to create a EventBridge rule | `bool` | `true` | no |
| event\_rules\_description | The description of the rule. | `string` | `"Run batch job based on event or schedule"` | no |
| event\_rules\_is\_enabled | Whether or not to enable EventBridge Rule | `bool` | `true` | no |
| event\_rules\_name | Rule name (will be prefixed with var.prefix and sufixed with -onsched/onevent). If null, the rule will use var.name | `string` | `"batchjob"` | no |
| event\_rules\_role | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) associated with the role that is used for target invocation. | `string` | `null` | no |
| event\_tags | Map of tags that will be applied on EventBridge and IAM resources. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| job\_arn | When job\_create == false, external job definition ARN | `string` | `null` | no |
| job\_create | Whether or not to create a job definition | `bool` | `true` | no |
| job\_queue\_arn | External Batch Job Queue ARN | `string` | n/a | yes |
| job\_tags | Map of tags that will be applied on job definition. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| name | Name of your job, will be use by Job definition and EventBridge resources. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| parameters | (Optional) Specifies the parameter substitution placeholders to set in the job definition. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| prefix | Prefix to be added to with all resource's names of the module. Prefix is mainly used for tests and should remain empty in normal circumstances. | `string` | `""` | no |
| properties | A valid container properties provided as a single valid JSON document. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| retries | The number of times to move a job to the RUNNABLE status. You may specify between 1 and 10 attempts. | `number` | `1` | no |
| schedule\_expression | The scheduling expression. For example, cron(0 20 * * ? *) or rate(5 minutes). At least one of schedule\_expression or event\_pattern is required. Can only be used on the default event bus. | `string` | `null` | no |
| tags | Map of tags that will be applied on all resources. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| timeout | (Optional) The time duration in seconds after which AWS Batch terminates your jobs if they have not finished. The minimum value for the timeout is 60 seconds. | `number` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| arn | The Amazon Resource Name of the job definition. |
| revision | The revision of the job definition. |
| rule\_event\_arn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the rule. |
| rule\_event\_id | The name of the rule. |
| rule\_schedule\_arn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the rule. |
| rule\_schedule\_id | The name of the rule. |
| service\_policy\_arn | The ARN assigned by AWS to this policy. |
| service\_policy\_description | The description of the policy. |
| service\_policy\_id | The policy's ID. |
| service\_policy\_name | The name of the policy. |
| service\_policy\_path | The path of the policy in IAM. |
| service\_policy\_policy | The policy document. |
| service\_role\_arn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) specifying the role. |
| service\_role\_create\_date | The creation date of the IAM role. |
| service\_role\_description | The description of the role. |
| service\_role\_id | The name of the role. |
| service\_role\_name | The name of the role. |
| service\_role\_unique\_id | The stable and unique string identifying the role. |
| target\_event\_arn | CloudWatch Event Target Arn. |
| target\_schedule\_arn | CloudWatch Event Target Arn. |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## Versioning

This repository follows [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0](https://semver.org/)

## Git Hooks

This repository uses [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) hooks.
